OSDOCS-12784: Explain CAS and machineset GPU setup (#85896)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machineset-label-gpu-autoscaler.adoc

//
// * machine_management/applying-autoscaling.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-aws.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-azure.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-azure-stack-hub.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-bare-metal.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-gcp.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-ibm-cloud.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-ibm-power-vs.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-nutanix.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-osp.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-vsphere.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="machineset-label-gpu-autoscaler_{context}"]
= Labeling GPU machine sets for the cluster autoscaler

You can use a machine set label to indicate which machines the cluster autoscaler can use to deploy GPU-enabled nodes.

.Prerequisites
* Your cluster uses a cluster autoscaler.

.Procedure

> * Add a `cluster-api/accelerator` label to the machine set that you want to create machines for the cluster autoscaler to use to deploy GPU-enabled nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On the machine set where you want to create machines for the cluster autoscaler to use to deploy GPU-enabled nodes, add a `cluster-api/accelerator` label:
```
This one is tricky! I think I understand your original text, but I had to read it a couple times. I'm honestly not sure if my revision is much better. I wanted to divide the line into 2 sentences, but I couldn't think of a way to do that without sounding awkward 😅

Author: I think it still needs to be "that" rather than "where" (it's the machine set _that_ will do XYZ, as opposed to some other machine set), but I like how you flipped this around. I honestly really struggle with how to best state these long restrictive clauses (and I have many such things in my content areas :sweat_smile:)

+
--
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: machine.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: MachineSet
metadata:
  name: machine-set-name
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      metadata:
        labels:
          cluster-api/accelerator: nvidia-t4 <1>
----
<1> Specify a label of your choice that consists of alphanumeric characters, `-`, `_`, or `.` and starts and ends with an alphanumeric character.
For example, you might use `nvidia-t4` to represent Nvidia T4 GPUs, or `nvidia-a10g` for A10G GPUs.
+
[NOTE]
====
You must specify the value of this label for the `spec.resourceLimits.gpus.type` parameter in your `ClusterAutoscaler` CR.

> For more information, see _Cluster autoscaler resource definition_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see "Cluster autoscaler resource definition".
```

// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-gcp.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-ibm-cloud.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-ibm-power-vs.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-nutanix.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-osp.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-vsphere.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="machineset-label-gpu-autoscaler_{context}"]
= Labeling GPU machine sets for the cluster autoscaler

You can use a machine set label to indicate which machines the cluster autoscaler can use to deploy GPU-enabled nodes.

.Prerequisites
* Your cluster uses a cluster autoscaler.

.Procedure

* Add a `cluster-api/accelerator` label to the machine set that you want to create machines for the cluster autoscaler to use to deploy GPU-enabled nodes:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: <api_version> <1>
kind: MachineSet
metadata:
  name: machine-set-name
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      metadata:
        labels:
          cluster-api/accelerator: nvidia-t4 <2>

----

> <1> The value of this parameter in the custom resource (CR) depends on whether the machine set uses Cluster API or Machine API.

Reviewer 2: i need to study the cluster-api bits a little more, i have a feeling we will need 2 examples. looking at the metadata propagation rules, https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/developer/architecture/controllers/metadata-propagation.html?highlight=propag#metadata-propagation , i'm not sure this works in cluster-api currently.

Author: Removed CAPI ref for the time being, as per discussion
